Add module (#1)
cloudeteer/terraform-azurerm-launchpad: examples/usage/README.md

# Example: Usage

> This primary usage example is also included in the [README.md](../../README.md) of this module. It demonstrates the virtual machine module using as many default values as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This primary usage example is also included in the [README.md](../../README.md) of this module. It demonstrates the launchpad module using as many default values as possible.
```

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) installed on your local machine.
- An [Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/) with the appropriate permissions.
- [Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) installed and authenticated.

## Steps to Deploy

1. **Initialize the Terraform Configuration**

   Initialize the Terraform configuration to download the necessary providers and modules.

   ```shell
   terraform init
   ```

2. **Apply the Terraform Configuration**

   Apply the configuration to create the resources defined in your Terraform files.

   ```shell
   terraform apply

>    ```

Reviewer: This doesn't work, which is foreseeable because the examples in the example values, e.g., in the Management Group.

I see the following possibilities:

- Remove the “Steps to Deploy”
- Or make example deployable with `*_overwrite.tf` files

Author: I removed it
